DTM 1019.1.0 - Asset Location, Ordering of complex properties documentation (#1566)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/asset-hierarchy-bundle/viewing-assets.md

7. Optionally [add subassets](/dtm/asset-hierarchy/#to-add-subassets), or [import assets](/dtm/asset-hierarchy/#creating-assets-bulk-import) using the options on the top right.

> If the asset has a location, it is shown on the map under the properties section below its values.  Click the full screen icon at the top right corner of the map to view it in full screen. If the values for latitude or longitude are not present, the map is not shown. The marker position cannot be modified when viewing the asset. Edit the property in order to change the position of the marker.

Reviewer: @Vagdevi1998 Why did you change the user focus here?

Fields are marked editable by an edit icon.
To modify any of the asset details, click the edit icon, enter new details and save.<br>

> For an asset with a location, click or drag the marker to the preferred position to select the value for latitude and longitude on the map. Click the full screen icon at the top right corner of the map to enter full screen mode. If any one of the values is not provided, the marker is not shown on the map.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For an asset with a location, click or drag the marker to the preferred position to select the value for latitude and longitude on the map. Click the full screen icon at the top right corner of the map to enter full screen mode. If latitude or longitude value is not provided, the marker is not shown on the map.
```

> For an asset with a location, click or drag the marker to the preferred position to select the value for latitude and longitude on the map. Click the full screen icon at the top right corner of the map to enter full screen mode. If latitude or longitude value is not provided, the marker is not shown on the map.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For an asset with a location, click or drag the marker to the preferred position to select the value for latitude and longitude on the map. Click the full screen icon at the top right corner of the map to enter full screen mode. If the latitude or longitude value is not present, the marker is not shown on the map.
```

> For an asset with a location, click or drag the marker to the preferred position to select the value for latitude and longitude on the map. Click the full screen icon at the top right corner of the map to enter full screen mode. If the latitude or longitude value is not present, the marker is not shown on the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an asset with a location, click or drag the marker to the preferred position to select the value for latitude and longitude on the map. Click the full screen icon at the top right corner of the map to enter full screen mode. To see the map, provide a value for latitude and longitude.
```
